This is a story of me riding elevators in two parts of a city, Vaughan and Toronto, and they happened to be the best time. Here is a story about our first elevator.
Schindler Elevator at the 7117 Bathurst Medical Centre
This is the Schindler elevator at the 7117 Bathurst Medical Centre in Thornhill, Ontario. This elevator is from 1996, not 1989, because in 1989, Schindler bought Westinghouse! This elevator is very amazing. We know that we had our COLLECTIONS book on this elevator. It is our original copy, the old one from many long years ago, that I had grown up with. Of course, as we say, now I pressed up and its door was shut, I remember, and it slid open, so when I got on, I pressed two, and its open door slid shut, and I know it went up and it was shut and slid open again and we got out. This elevator is very amazing, too! We liked it. We saw a view. We know that I pushed down again, and its closed door, however slid open when I got on, I pressed B, which is basement, and its open door slid shut and we remember we got off at basement. Also, we did a blood test! The test was over. Our office building elevator, which we got to ride in, is a Dover elevator. We took more rides on this elevator, pushing the up button, the second floor button, then the down button, and then the basement, and the following extra rides on this elevator. This elevator was very special, but it was also fun in looking out the window from time to time! We were done. On this day, as we say, we drove back home again before elevator filming started from another moment one minute later and it was next. The story of the second elevator is coming up but this is a Schindler elevator from 1996, not 1989! That is because, in 1989, Schindler bought Westinghouse. Actually, we know this is a great story! 
Dover Elevator at 5775 Yonge Street
Here is a Dover elevator at the Sun Life Building in Toronto, Ontario, close to finch station. I made a video of this elevator when I brought this old book on board. A minute later, however, as I was walking, I saw a button in the next minute to remember myself, went over to the button, and pushed it in front of us because we saw an elevator that had closed doors that slid open and now they were open doors when I was standing in front of the doors to remember, I know that we got to get into the elevator very quickly, so, when I quietly reached out and pressed this button with number nineteen on it, I saw a man joining us, because we were standing in front of the man because its open doors slid shut and were shut as it carried us quickly from ground floor, passing near two, three, four, and five, but when it hit six they slid open and he got out and these open doors slid shut and they were shut again, and it went on passing seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, and twelve, and you can believe that is why there is a reason of having no floor thirteen, so you can believe it only went near fourteen, and it went on past fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, and at last nineteen, and its doors slid open...and we got out...because a woman went inside. She got in the elevator, riding it down to lobby! This is because the elevator we filmed happened to be amazing in that case, so once we got out, we didn't go back. The woman was gone, because she happened to ride it down and it did not open in any circumstance because its open doors slid shut and were shut because she rode it down, and then she got out. She was leaving work, and already left! We saw a view of Toronto, but were not finding her. Oh, dear! Where did that woman go? She was gone! It made everyone feel very sad. Now, by this time, as I kept walking, I saw a button there, and in the next minute to remember, as I know that that woman was gone, I had to push the button in front of me, so we can believe that our central elevator finally arrived, so when I saw its closed doors, I pressed it and its doors were shut but they slid open, and as soon as we got on, after I got in the elevator, I began to press this button with its capital letter G for ground on it, and its open doors slid shut and were shut, and then you can believe we actually started ahead on floor nineteen, and you can believe it went on past near eighteen, but when they slid open a man entered and he got on, and according to the man who stood in front of its open doors they slid shut as it carried us near seventeen, and it carried us near sixteen, it carried us near fifteen, it carried us near fourteen, believed of an unlucky number we reasonable people call thirteen, then twelve, eleven, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, and quietly on near three, two, then it hit ground but they were still shut, and they slid open and we got out. This elevator has a very stiff ride, as we regret! That's true. We know that many office building elevators are amazing, even this one, whenever we know that, and this is true.